Update meta descriptions in SDK docs v5 - Closes #828 (#829)
LiskHQ/lisk-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/architecture/index.adoc

= Architecture overview
Mona Bärenfänger <mona@lightcurve.io>

> :description: The Lisk Framework architecture overview covers the on & off chain architecture, registering modules, configuration & the genesis block.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:description: Provides an overview of the Lisk SDK architecture, including on-chain, off-chain and the communication architecture.
```
